all right what's up everyone so back at
the gym today I did a back and that's
all like they pushes back I'm doing
bicep with a different bar with traps
alone confusing the muslin or switching
it up so every time i do back i start
off with dead lips and I do three sets
just lightweight you know I serve over
45 pounds plates that I increase you
know like 25 and get all the way to two
plates and that's when I do my heavy set
that's just a picture of me right there
with my lats just to let you know always
work out your back it changes your
physique I'm telling you guys always do
back and do it hard if you notice right
here i'm only doing 295 back in February
on the last video was doing three plates
my shrink has gotten really weak just
some cutting but that would jump back
right back up right after sorry you know
carbon up and my friends will come will
come back to me but after the dead lives
after you know three warm up sets three
heavy sets now I chose to burn a bit
more calories I go into some polyps I
always remember I always use wide pull
ups just like I work on my last more get
them stronger get them wider and it
gives you this your bag a better look or
more of a v-shaped look and then after
that and I go into these right here pull
bar just remember to use perfect form on
this we're not perfect for me just try
to do it as best as possible you know
try to show off putting in too much way
and then just using improper form it's
not going to really work out your body
you just gonna probably end up getting
injured then after that I'm doing this
right here I'm pulling it towards you
know like my chest so we can work a
little bit more on my top like by my
traps yeah right in the middle of your
back right there the trapezoids I want
that to give really you know really
swollen I wanted to be stick out when I
when I wear t-shirts and all that I'm
wearing a sweater just so
so I can you know burn a little bit more
calories I'm trying to lose that the
extra 10 pounds of fat that I got to get
my absent come out a little more anyways
has to like like exercise right there is
this one really works a lot this is the
last one right here guys so just comment
rate and subscribe i'll be posting more
workout videos and more tips and next
time you step in the gym give this back
workout a try you can do more exercises
if you like most exercises and do but
resets now just like to get that extra
calorie burn alright later guys